This is a readme that will explain the high concept of greater good and what files were primarily my work.

Greater Good was meant to be a 2-D maze survival game where you are being chased by a relentless monster in an attempt to bait the creature away from major population centers. A player would stay running until the population hit zero upon which the game ends with the player's fate ambiguous. The team that created this consisted of 4 members. It was 2 coders, an artist, and one flexible person.

Without going into too many details, I will discuss what I worked on. Under the assets/scripts folder, everything involving nodes and monster traits is what I had worked on. The Monster Behaviour main script contains the logic the monster uses when determining which of its senses to follow. If the player is within a small cone in front of the beast, then monster sight takes the highest priority. Then, if the player is in a certain radius of the beast, monster hearing takes priority. Finally, if the player is no where near the monster, FollowPlayerMainMonster takes priority.

Follow player main monster's name came from when were first discussing the game as we had an idea for multiple monsters. Scope reduction eventaully took care of that. Originally, the monster never teleported but had a complicated series of logic that determined where it was at a given time and would make it path find to the player. However, a bug in the system meant that the monster could never find the player for it never read the player's position correctly. As such, that was changed into the teleportation system with an incrementing variable so that it is semi-randomized. A lot of sacrifices of intent were made so that the dead line could be hit, and the pressure of other projects did have a negative effect overall on this project. However, the game at its core is workable and functional.

As before, if you wish to see samples of my general coding practice, anything in the scripts folder that handles AI would fall under that category.
